[Docs] Update limitations of Transactional DDL (#32045)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/explore/transactions/transactional-ddl.md

Reviewer: should this bullet be dropped or combined with the third one? They seem related.

- [Savepoints](/stable/develop/learn/transactions/transactions-retries-ysql/#savepoints) are unsupported for DDL statements. As a result, you cannot create a savepoint in a transaction block that has executed a DDL statement. Similarly, you cannot execute a DDL statement in a transaction block in which a savepoint has been created.

> - Concurrent transaction blocks with DDLs that touch the same or different catalog data can result in undefined behavior without any error. This situation also applies to DDLs that are run concurrently without transactional DDL enabled. The difference is that, with transactional DDL enabled, it is easier for such behaviour to occur with using READ COMMITTED isolation level. With transactional DDL in REPEATABLE READ isolation level, the chances of such an issue occuring are slim (similar to when transactional DDL is disabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Concurrent transaction blocks with DDLs that touch the same or different catalog data can result in undefined behavior without any error. This situation also applies to DDLs that are run concurrently without transactional DDL enabled. The difference is that, with transactional DDL enabled, it is easier for such behavior to occur when using READ COMMITTED isolation level. With transactional DDL in REPEATABLE READ isolation level, the chances of such an issue occurring are slim (similar to when transactional DDL is disabled).
```

> For example, in the following sequence, the column `a` added by Session 1 is missing after Session 2 commits:

Reviewer: Indentation fix is required for the example block :

  For example, in the following sequence...

      ```sql
      ...
      ```

    ```sql
    -- Session 1                                  -- Session 2

    BEGIN;
                                                   BEGIN;
    ALTER TABLE test ADD COLUMN a INT;
                                                   ALTER TABLE test ALTER COLUMN v TYPE SMALLINT;
                                                   -- waiting....
    COMMIT;
                                                   COMMIT;

    SELECT * FROM test;  -- Column "a" is missing
    ```

> - When Auto Analyze runs with transactional DDL enabled, and a user DDL is executed concurrently in a transaction block (also with transactional DDL enabled), it can lead to a serialization error either on the user DDL or on the COMMIT of the transaction block containing the user DDL.

Reviewer: This limitation is also on the auto analyze page - https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/additional-features/auto-analyze/#limitations. So should this be added instead?

Author: Yes, so should I just add that same text here? Also, that limitation mentions issue [#28903](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/28903) for tracking but that issue is closed, but the limitation still exists. So maybe we should avoid mentioning that issue number?
